YetAnotherDungeonCrawler (YADC)

By: Sam Wu and Ishaat Chowdhury

Instructions:
Run the code in the terminal with the command
"python3 YADC.py".
Use the arrow keys to move the player character
and attack by pressing spacebar when close to the enemies.

Description:
The project is a real-time, dungeon-crawler game similar
to roguelikes such as Pixel Dungeon.
The game is built entirely in Python, primarily using pygame.
The game uses procedural generation that creates different dungeons or levels
using the Binary Space Paritioning algorithm.
The final version of the project is a playable game that includes
the procedural map generation, enemies, and a player
as well as other game mechanics such as attacks.
The dungeons generated by the algorithm are composed of rooms
and corridors with dead ends.
New levels or dungeons are accessed using a single ladder
placed in one room in each dungeon.
Enemies will approach the player and attack him or her
using various search algorithms mentioned in the featured algorithms section.

Featured Algorithms (file):
Binary Space Partitioning (level.py)
Depth-First Search (gameplay.py)
Breadth-First Search (gameplay.py)
Dijkstra's Algorithm (gameplay.py)
Best-First Search [Heuristic - Manhattan Distances] (gameplay.py)
A* Search [Heuristic - Manhattan Distances] (gameplay.py)

Important Files:
YADC.py - the main code that runs the game
level.py - contains classes and functions for dungeon generation
level_constants.py - contains constants for dungeon generation
gameplay.py - contains classes and functions for player and enemies
gameplay_constants.py - contains constants for player and enemies

Notes:
Speed up the game by increasing the FPS and enemyframes constants 
defined in the gameplay_constants.py file.
The level.py and gameplay.py files have global variables named DEBUG
that can be disabled or enabled to toggle print statements
for diagnostics and tests.
